you know those guys who use a fork stick
diviners I know a man who can do third
degree polynomial equations I actually
know somebody I can put on the case how
does he find the finder come from Hart
Hanson the creator of bones Walter who
sent you we need you to find something
of course you need to find something
that's what he does
you'll have to see some credentials you
see that FBI No
here you go don't get in that no right
now he's serious what it is that's but
it shouldn't just do it Walter Sherman
has a gift anyone know when Ellen would
do not resuscitate across her chest
why spider indicates drugs color blue
means meth hey are you in charge of meth
distribution in all of southern Florida
or mrs. County as a peaceful man I'm
gonna ask you politely to please let my
friend go well what you recite me a poem
who the hell is that oh that's my legal
adviser
he sees the unseeable you guys find out
that the victim was terminally ill yes
mitral valve is completely calcified how
did you know he had pyramids on the
ceiling of his bedroom he finds the
impossible are we alone how do you mean
I mean is someone watching this you got
some kind of mental problems
I'm alright I got blown up pretty good
in Iraq left me a little suspicious
multi you're cute
but if today works out he'll never see
me again once I start looking for you I
will find you because solving mysteries
you're just living in Oh what you sleeve
is me you know what you find the man you
got a shot what is all in the details
my pad pencil abacus and calculator Leo
did in his head grass skirts then we got
here what you find okay this is the
original stolen chart fragment haha
bingo
mission accomplished I found it uh
technically I found it in her throat
Brittany's body was submerged under 80
feet of water in the middle of the Gulf
of Mexico I'd brought her here to you I
pretty sure that's the impressive part
that's true
seriously Michael Clarke Duncan and
Jeff's told star in the finder who is
this
it's dr. Brennan at the Jeffersonian
don't you have caller ID caller ID
doesn't tell you his column tells you
the phone company wants you to think his
calling
coming soon to Fox